What asre the three forms of storage in Android?

1) Internal file storage
Files make that are save to internal storage are private to the app by default and 
so cannot be accessed by external apps.the System creates a private directory on 
the file system for each app created to be organized and saved in it. Files saved here can't be 
modified/acessed by the user unless they have the permission to do so.
2) External file storage
it is a storage space that users can mount to a computer as an external storage device,
and it might even be physically removable (such as an SD card). 
Files saved here can be modified by the user by simply enabling USB mass storage to transfer files on a computer.

3) Shared preferences: Store private primitive data in key-value pairs.
4) Databases: Store structured data in a private database.


Describe what the SQLITE is?
SQLITEOPENHELPER
A helper class to manage database creation and version management. 
You create a subclass implementing onCreate(SQLiteDatabase), onUpgrade
(SQLiteDatabase, int, int) and optionally onOpen(SQLiteDatabase), and
this class takes care of opening the database if it exists, creating
it if it does not, and upgrading it as necessary. Transactions are 
used to make sure the database is always in a sensible state. 
This class makes it easy for ContentProvider implementations to 
defer opening and upgrading the database until first use, to avoid
blocking application startup with long-running database upgrades. 

Describe what an ORM is?
ORM defines a mapping between your classes and database tables or class
 members and table columns and the ORM manage the communication between
 your codes and the underlying database. ORM framework wrap relation database 
tables into the classes of programming language, so that instead of writing 
SQL queries to manipulate the database, we can use methods and objects.

List all ORM options in Android
ORMLITE
SugarORM
GreenDAO
ActiveAndroid
Realm


Explain what are runtime permissions.
Runtime Permissions means that permissions required by the android app for it’s several operations.
For example, if your app wants to capture images, you need to use camera of the android device. 
You need to have permission for using the camera of the device.
The primary purpose of the runtime permission is to protect the user’s data and personal 
information such as contact list and SMS.
Runtime permissions provides extra security to the user.

Explain two main categories of runtime permissions
Normal Permissions
Normal permissions are considered as a low risky permissions. These permissions are less risky for user’s 
privacy or for other app’s operations.For example INTERNET permission. Accessing internet is now a days 
very common concept. Almost every app need internet for smooth functioning.
Thus INTERNET is normal permission and developer do not need to ask it to the user at runtime. Just define 
it in Manifest file and you are good to go.

Some normal permissions :
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
BLUETOOTH
CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE
SET_ALARM


Dangerous Permissions
These are the permissions for which you are reading this tutorial. These permissions are dangerous to 
user’s security, his device’s data and to the functioning of the other apps.
For example, CONTACT permission comes under the dangerous concept. With this permission, 
app can read the contacts of the user’s device and can also send them to server.
Here, you need to ask for runtime permissions, because accessing the sensitive information
 like contact require user’s attention.

Several Dangerous Permissions:
READ_CALENDAR
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
RECORD_AUDIO
USE_SIP
SEND_SMS


